Provide prose documentation for attachments. (#1413)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/Attachments.md

```swift
extension SalesReport: Attachable {
  ...

  borrowing func preferredName(
    for attachment: borrowing Attachment<Self>,
    basedOn suggestedName: String
  ) -> String {
    if suggestedName.lastIndex(of: ".") != nil {
      // The name already contains a path extension, so do not append another.
      return suggestedName
    }

    // Append ".csv" to the name so the resulting file opens as a spreadsheet.
    return "\(suggestedName).csv"
  }
}
```

### Inspect attachments after a test run ends

By default, the testing library saves your attachments as soon as you call
``Attachment/record(_:sourceLocation:)`` or
``Attachment/record(_:named:sourceLocation:)``. You can access saved attachments
after your tests finish running:

- When using Xcode, you can access attachments from the test report.
- When using Visual Studio Code, the testing library saves attachments to
  `.build/attachments` by default. Visual Studio Code reports the paths to
  individual attachments in its Tests Results panel.
- When using Swift Package Manager's `swift test` command, you can pass the
  `--attachments-path` option. The testing library saves attachments to the

>   specified directory.

Reviewer: I think the suggestion of an Important aside about not passing the flag is a good idea.

>   specified directory.

Author: It looks like DocC doesn't want to render callouts in lists, so I'm just going to include the above as a paragraph.

Attach values such as strings and files to tests. Implement the ``Attachable``
protocol to create your own attachable types.

### Attach data or strings

If your test produces encoded data that you want to save as an attachment, you

> can call ``Attachment/record(_:named:sourceLocation:)``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can call ``Attachment/record(_:named:sourceLocation:)``.
```

Author: Is it sufficient to end the sentence(s) I have now and then add "For example:"? I do want to make sure it's clear that the following code is related to the preceding text and not just appearing out of nowhere.

and attach the resulting data instead of the original string.

### Attach encodable values

If you have a value you want to save as an attachment that conforms to either
[`Encodable`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/encodable) or
[`NSSecureCoding`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nssecurecoding),
you can extend it to add conformance to ``Attachable``. When you import the
[Foundation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation) module, the
testing library automatically provides a default implementation of
``Attachable`` to types that also conform to [`Encodable`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/encodable)
or [`NSSecureCoding`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nssecurecoding):

```swift
import Testing
import Foundation

struct SalesReport { ... }
extension SalesReport: Encodable, Attachable {}

@Test func `sales report adds up`() async throws {
  let salesReport = await generateSalesReport()
  try salesReport.validate()
  Attachment.record(salesReport, named: "sales report.json")
}
```

> - Important: The testing library only provides these default implementations if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Important: The testing library provides these default implementations only if
```

  your test target imports the [Foundation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation)
  module.

### Attach images

You can attach instances of the following system-provided image types to a test:

> | Platform | Supported Types |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Platform | Supported types |
```

|-|-|
| macOS | [`CGImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgimage), [`CIImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreimage/ciimage), [`NSImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsimage) |
| iOS, tvOS, and visionOS | [`CGImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgimage), [`CIImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreimage/ciimage), [`UIImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiimage) |
| watchOS | [`CGImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgimage), [`UIImage`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiimage) |
| Windows | [`HBITMAP`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/gdi/bitmaps), [`HICON`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/menurc/icons), [`IWICBitmapSource`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/wincodec/nn-wincodec-iwicbitmapsource) (including its subclasses declared by Windows Imaging Component) |

When you attach an image to a test, you can specify the image format to use in

> addition to a preferred name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
addition to a preferred name.
```

      try body(buffer)
    }
  }
}
```

If your type conforms to [`Sendable`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/sendable),
the testing library avoids calling this function until it needs to save the
attachment. If your type does _not_ conform to [`Sendable`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/sendable),
the testing library calls this function as soon as you record the attachment.

#### Customize attachment behavior

If you can reliably estimate in advance how large the encoded representation
will be, implement ``Attachable/estimatedAttachmentByteCount``. The testing
library uses the value of this property as a hint to optimize memory and disk
usage:

```swift
extension SalesReport: Attachable {
  ...

  var estimatedAttachmentByteCount: Int? {
    return self.entries.count * 123
  }
}
```

You can also implement ``Attachable/preferredName(for:basedOn:)`` if you wish to
customize the name of the attachment when it is saved:

```swift
extension SalesReport: Attachable {
  ...

  borrowing func preferredName(
    for attachment: borrowing Attachment<Self>,
    basedOn suggestedName: String
  ) -> String {
    if suggestedName.lastIndex(of: ".") != nil {

>       // The name already contains a path extension, so do not append another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // The name already contains a path extension, so don't append another.
```
